well TSM has just qualified to the
finals yet again and I am here not with
one of the players but with a family
member
this is saurons Brethren brother Allen
how's it going good things very good
very good and this is not the first time
you've been interviewed you've been
interviewed a couple times now I assume
always about your brother yeah pretty
much yeah is that it you're just like
why doesn't anybody ever want to talk to
me because of who I am why is it always
about Soren no you so we were just
talking before the interview and you
just moved to San Diego or California
area yeah I just moved to San Diego to
study at San Diego State University
so did you was there any part of it you
know knowing that Soren was here was
that a part of it at all or were you
just like I just want to move to
California
well that soreness in LA is a big part
of me going to California to study
because I really wanted to be close to
him because I only seemed like once a
year when I'm in Denmark so now I have
the opportunity to visit him a few more
times which one of you is older me I'm
gonna say you look a little older but I
didn't I didn't know all right so is
what about your family is your family
like all of our sons are going to
California they're all fleeing us yeah
sort of the feel like we're running of
it but yeah I think they feel it's nice
that I'm going to visit him and can
watch the games and stuff like that so
it's good so you were here today
watching his game it's a it was a 3-1
what was is this the first time you've
been at a studio or have you been here
before I haven't been at this to do it
but I've been in like a lot more events
around the whole Europe so I've seen it
before
and what is it like having Soren because
I assume that there's a lot of people
that know of him where you're from and
that your family kind of gets you know
they talk about him or whatever so
what's it like having him be this kind
of big international figure well I think
it's cool it's a bit intimidating
sometimes but I feel like he's he's good
at just keeping calm and do not like let
the fame rise to his head so I think I
feel like he's like a danger be like
just casual about it so I think he he
deserves it because he's had a hot story
as everyone knows
I'm really glad that he turned it on the
other side and made it something really
good so I'm I'm proud of him yeah was it
like for your family you know do they
are they able to make it to a lot of
these events and how much do they get to
watch online I think my parents watch is
almost every single game as well as me
even though it's in the middle of the
night and then Mike so sometimes it's a
bit hard but we've gone to some events
every time he's in Europe we try to go
to all the events because it's sort of
close by but my dad has been to the u.s.
to visit him and my mom will go this
year so yeah yeah Mac's
the producer for TSM he suggested that I
specifically ask you for any
embarrassing stories about Soren
anything that you want to throw out
there any funny stories that the fans
would want to know oh that's a hard one
okay I'll give you a second to think
about it if you have anything you got
something yeah I don't know if people
know that he's a really stubborn kid
sometimes he gets really stubborn and
sometimes he gets mad if he he doesn't
win a game so we played a lot of
PlayStation when we were young and I
think he smells like between five or ten
controllers during during our time for
PlayStation one so sometimes he wins
sometimes he loses but he's not really
good at losing so hopefully keyboards
and mice are a little bit more durable
than PlayStation controllers so at some
point in time all the places should
controllers just became kind of
disposable how many did you break one or
two I think it's a family thing and
maybe it's a little stronger with them
that's funny
all right so what do you think is
chances are next week in Boston I think
that changes are good they've been
immortal two times they split and I feel
like they got the upper hand I feel like
they got the better team the better team
play even though I'm all just look very
good so I'm really looking forward to it
but I feel like they will win like three
two or three one very good well thank
you so much for the prediction and for
the talk and the embarrassing story
that's quite good and looking forward to
maybe seeing you at more LCS matches in
the future next year and enjoy San Diego
it's a great place for Evan else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things LCS here on my youtube
channel
hey everyone at the end of Yahoo eSports
avila may made a commitment
me too keep helping me out on this
YouTube channel and then she bailed as
soon as she could to riot games to get
the big bucks so if you could help me
out that would be great
over at Travis cavern a comma slash
support